docs/basics.md, before:


# Concepts

Let's take our example from the [overview](https://docs.traefik.io/#overview) again:


> Imagine that you have deployed a bunch of microservices on your infrastructure. You probably used a service registry (like etcd or consul) and/or an orchestrator (swarm, Mesos/Marathon) to manage all these services.
> If you want your users to access some of your microservices from the Internet, you will have to use a reverse proxy and configure it using virtual hosts or prefix paths:

> - domain `api.domain.com` will point the microservice `api` in your private network
> - path `domain.com/web` will point the microservice `web` in your private network
> - domain `backoffice.domain.com` will point the microservices `backoffice` in your private network, load-balancing between your multiple instances

> ![Architecture](img/architecture.png)

Let's zoom on Træfɪk and have an overview of its internal architecture:


![Architecture](img/internal.png)

- Incoming requests end on [entrypoints](#entrypoints), as the name suggests, they are the network entry points into Træfɪk (listening port, SSL, traffic redirection...).
- Traffic is then forwarded to a matching [frontend](#frontends). A frontend defines routes from [entrypoints](#entrypoints) to [backends](#backends).
Routes are created using requests fields (`Host`, `Path`, `Headers`...) and can match or not a request.
- The [frontend](#frontends) will then send the request to a [backend](#backends). A backend can be composed by one or more [servers](#servers), and by a load-balancing strategy.
- Finally, the [server](#servers) will forward the request to the corresponding microservice in the private network.

## Entrypoints

Entrypoints are the network entry points into Træfɪk.
They can be defined using:

- a port (80, 443...)
- SSL (Certificates, Keys, authentication with a client certificate signed by a trusted CA...)
- redirection to another entrypoint (redirect `HTTP` to `HTTPS`)

Here is an example of entrypoints definition:

```toml
[entryPoints]
  [entryPoints.http]
  address = ":80"
    [entryPoints.http.redirect]
    entryPoint = "https"
  [entryPoints.https]
  address = ":443"
    [entryPoints.https.tls]
      [[entryPoints.https.tls.certificates]]
      certFile = "tests/traefik.crt"
      keyFile = "tests/traefik.key"
```

- Two entrypoints are defined `http` and `https`.
- `http` listens on port `80` and `https` on port `443`.
- We enable SSL on `https` by giving a certificate and a key.
- We also redirect all the traffic from entrypoint `http` to `https`.

And here is another example with client certificate authentication:

```toml
[entryPoints]
  [entryPoints.https]
  address = ":443"
  [entryPoints.https.tls]
  clientCAFiles = ["tests/clientca1.crt", "tests/clientca2.crt"]
    [[entryPoints.https.tls.certificates]]
    certFile = "tests/traefik.crt"
    keyFile = "tests/traefik.key"
```

- We enable SSL on `https` by giving a certificate and a key.
- One or several files containing Certificate Authorities in PEM format are added.
- It is possible to have multiple CA:s in the same file or keep them in separate files.

## Frontends

A frontend is a set of rules that forwards the incoming traffic from an entrypoint to a backend.
Frontends can be defined using the following rules:

- `Headers: Content-Type, application/json`: Headers adds a matcher for request header values. It accepts a sequence of key/value pairs to be matched.
- `HeadersRegexp: Content-Type, application/(text|json)`: Regular expressions can be used with headers as well. It accepts a sequence of key/value pairs, where the value has regex support.
- `Host: traefik.io, www.traefik.io`: Match request host with given host list.
- `HostRegexp: traefik.io, {subdomain:[a-z]+}.traefik.io`: Adds a matcher for the URL hosts. It accepts templates with zero or more URL variables enclosed by `{}`. Variables can define an optional regexp pattern to be matched.
- `Method: GET, POST, PUT`: Method adds a matcher for HTTP methods. It accepts a sequence of one or more methods to be matched.
- `Path: /products/, /articles/{category}/{id:[0-9]+}`: Path adds a matcher for the URL paths. It accepts templates with zero or more URL variables enclosed by `{}`.
- `PathStrip`: Same as `Path` but strip the given prefix from the request URL's Path.
- `PathPrefix`: PathPrefix adds a matcher for the URL path prefixes. This matches if the given template is a prefix of the full URL path.
- `PathPrefixStrip`: Same as `PathPrefix` but strip the given prefix from the request URL's Path.
- `AddPrefix`: Add prefix to the request URL's Path.

You can use multiple values for a rule by separating them with `,`.
You can use multiple rules by separating them by `;`.

You can optionally enable `passHostHeader` to forward client `Host` header to the backend.

In order to use path regular expressions, you must declare an arbitrarily named variable followed by the colon-separated regular expression, all enclosed in curly braces. Any pattern supported by [Go's regexp package](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/) may be used. Example: `/posts/{id:[0-9]+}`.

(Note that the variable has no special meaning; however, it is required by gorilla/mux which embeds the regular expression and defines the syntax.)

Here is an example of frontends definition:

```toml
[frontends]
  [frontends.frontend1]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend1.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test.localhost,test2.localhost"
  [frontends.frontend2]
  backend = "backend1"
  passHostHeader = true
  priority = 10
  entrypoints = ["https"] # overrides defaultEntryPoints
    [frontends.frontend2.routes.test_1]
    rule = "HostRegexp:localhost,{subdomain:[a-z]+}.localhost"
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test3.localhost;Path:/test"
```

- Three frontends are defined: `frontend1`, `frontend2` and `frontend3`
- `frontend1` will forward the traffic to the `backend2` if the rule `Host:test.localhost,test2.localhost` is matched
- `frontend2` will forward the traffic to the `backend1` if the rule `Host:localhost,{subdomain:[a-z]+}.localhost` is matched (forwarding client `Host` header to the backend)
- `frontend3` will forward the traffic to the `backend2` if the rules `Host:test3.localhost` **AND** `Path:/test` are matched

### Combining multiple rules

As seen in the previous example, you can combine multiple rules.
In TOML file, you can use multiple routes:

```toml
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test3.localhost"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_2]
    rule = "Path:/test"
```

Here `frontend3` will forward the traffic to the `backend2` if the rules `Host:test3.localhost` **AND** `Path:/test` are matched.
You can also use the notation using a `;` separator, same result:

```toml
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test3.localhost;Path:/test"
```

Finally, you can create a rule to bind multiple domains or Path to a frontend, using the `,` separator:

```toml
 [frontends.frontend2]
    [frontends.frontend2.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test1.localhost,test2.localhost"
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Path:/test1,/test2"
```

### Priorities

By default, routes will be sorted (in descending order) using rules length (to avoid path overlap):
`PathPrefix:/12345` will be matched before `PathPrefix:/1234` that will be matched before `PathPrefix:/1`.

You can customize priority by frontend:

```
  [frontends]
    [frontends.frontend1]
    backend = "backend1"
    priority = 10
    passHostHeader = true
      [frontends.frontend1.routes.test_1]
      rule = "PathPrefix:/to"
    [frontends.frontend2]
    priority = 5
    backend = "backend2"
    passHostHeader = true
      [frontends.frontend2.routes.test_1]
      rule = "PathPrefix:/toto"
```

Here, `frontend1` will be matched before `frontend2` (`10 > 5`).

## Backends

A backend is responsible to load-balance the traffic coming from one or more frontends to a set of http servers.
Various methods of load-balancing are supported:

- `wrr`: Weighted Round Robin
- `drr`: Dynamic Round Robin: increases weights on servers that perform better than others. It also rolls back to original weights if the servers have changed.

A circuit breaker can also be applied to a backend, preventing high loads on failing servers.
Initial state is Standby. CB observes the statistics and does not modify the request.
In case the condition matches, CB enters Tripped state, where it responds with predefined code or redirects to another frontend.
Once Tripped timer expires, CB enters Recovering state and resets all stats.
In case the condition does not match and recovery timer expires, CB enters Standby state.

It can be configured using:

- Methods: `LatencyAtQuantileMS`, `NetworkErrorRatio`, `ResponseCodeRatio`
- Operators:  `AND`, `OR`, `EQ`, `NEQ`, `LT`, `LE`, `GT`, `GE`

For example:

- `NetworkErrorRatio() > 0.5`: watch error ratio over 10 second sliding window for a frontend
- `LatencyAtQuantileMS(50.0) > 50`:  watch latency at quantile in milliseconds.
- `ResponseCodeRatio(500, 600, 0, 600) > 0.5`: ratio of response codes in range [500-600) to  [0-600)

To proactively prevent backends from being overwhelmed with high load, a maximum connection limit can
also be applied to each backend.

Maximum connections can be configured by specifying an integer value for `maxconn.amount` and
`maxconn.extractorfunc` which is a strategy used to determine how to categorize requests in order to
evaluate the maximum connections.

For example:
```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.maxconn]
       amount = 10
       extractorfunc = "request.host"
```

- `backend1` will return `HTTP code 429 Too Many Requests` if there are already 10 requests in progress for the same Host header.
- Another possible value for `extractorfunc` is `client.ip` which will categorize requests based on client source ip.
- Lastly `extractorfunc` can take the value of `request.header.ANY_HEADER` which will categorize requests based on `ANY_HEADER` that you provide.

Sticky sessions are supported with both load balancers. When sticky sessions are enabled, a cookie called `_TRAEFIK_BACKEND` is set on the initial
request. On subsequent requests, the client will be directed to the backend stored in the cookie if it is still healthy. If not, a new backend
will be assigned.

For example:
```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.loadbalancer]
      sticky = true
```

Healthcheck URL can be configured with a relative URL for `healthcheck.URL`.
Interval between healthcheck can be configured by using `healthcheck.interval`
(default: 30s)

For example:
```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.healthcheck]
      URL = "/health"
      interval = "10s"
```

## Servers

Servers are simply defined using a `URL`. You can also apply a custom `weight` to each server (this will be used by load-balancing).

Here is an example of backends and servers definition:

```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.circuitbreaker]
      expression = "NetworkErrorRatio() > 0.5"
    [backends.backend1.servers.server1]
    url = "http://172.17.0.2:80"
    weight = 10
    [backends.backend1.servers.server2]
    url = "http://172.17.0.3:80"
    weight = 1
  [backends.backend2]
    [backends.backend2.LoadBalancer]
      method = "drr"
    [backends.backend2.servers.server1]
    url = "http://172.17.0.4:80"
    weight = 1
    [backends.backend2.servers.server2]
    url = "http://172.17.0.5:80"
    weight = 2
```

- Two backends are defined: `backend1` and `backend2`
- `backend1` will forward the traffic to two servers: `http://172.17.0.2:80"` with weight `10` and `http://172.17.0.3:80` with weight `1` using default `wrr` load-balancing strategy.
- `backend2` will forward the traffic to two servers: `http://172.17.0.4:80"` with weight `1` and `http://172.17.0.5:80` with weight `2` using `drr` load-balancing strategy.
- a circuit breaker is added on `backend1` using the expression `NetworkErrorRatio() > 0.5`: watch error ratio over 10 second sliding window

# Configuration

Træfɪk's configuration has two parts: 

- The [static Træfɪk configuration](/basics#static-trfk-configuration) which is loaded only at the beginning. 
- The [dynamic Træfɪk configuration](/basics#dynamic-trfk-configuration) which can be hot-reloaded (no need to restart the process).


## Static Træfɪk configuration

The static configuration is the global configuration which is setting up connections to configuration backends and entrypoints. 

Træfɪk can be configured using many configuration sources with the following precedence order. 
Each item takes precedence over the item below it:

- [Key-value Store](/basics/#key-value-stores)
- [Arguments](/basics/#arguments)
- [Configuration file](/basics/#configuration-file)
- Default

It means that arguments override configuration file, and Key-value Store overrides arguments.

### Configuration file

By default, Træfɪk will try to find a `traefik.toml` in the following places:

- `/etc/traefik/`
- `$HOME/.traefik/`
- `.` *the working directory*

You can override this by setting a `configFile` argument:

```bash
$ traefik --configFile=foo/bar/myconfigfile.toml
```

Please refer to the [global configuration](/toml/#global-configuration) section to get documentation on it.

### Arguments

Each argument (and command) is described in the help section:

```bash
$ traefik --help
```

Note that all default values will be displayed as well.

### Key-value stores

Træfɪk supports several Key-value stores:

- [Consul](https://consul.io)
- [etcd](https://coreos.com/etcd/)
- [ZooKeeper](https://zookeeper.apache.org/) 
- [boltdb](https://github.com/boltdb/bolt)

Please refer to the [User Guide Key-value store configuration](/user-guide/kv-config/) section to get documentation on it.

## Dynamic Træfɪk configuration

The dynamic configuration concerns : 

- [Frontends](/basics/#frontends)
- [Backends](/basics/#backends) 
- [Servers](/basics/#servers) 

Træfɪk can hot-reload those rules which could be provided by [multiple configuration backends](/toml/#configuration-backends).

We only need to enable `watch` option to make Træfɪk watch configuration backend changes and generate its configuration automatically.
Routes to services will be created and updated instantly at any changes.

Please refer to the [configuration backends](/toml/#configuration-backends) section to get documentation on it.

# Commands

Usage: `traefik [command] [--flag=flag_argument]`

List of Træfɪk available commands with description :                                                             

- `version` : Print version 
- `storeconfig` : Store the static traefik configuration into a Key-value stores. Please refer to the [Store Træfɪk configuration](/user-guide/kv-config/#store-trfk-configuration) section to get documentation on it.

Each command may have related flags. 
All those related flags will be displayed with :

```bash
$ traefik [command] --help
```

Note that each command is described at the beginning of the help section:

```bash
$ traefik --help
```

Commit message:

Rename health check URL parameter to path.
Also improve documentation.

docs/basics.md, after:


# Concepts

Let's take our example from the [overview](https://docs.traefik.io/#overview) again:


> Imagine that you have deployed a bunch of microservices on your infrastructure. You probably used a service registry (like etcd or consul) and/or an orchestrator (swarm, Mesos/Marathon) to manage all these services.
> If you want your users to access some of your microservices from the Internet, you will have to use a reverse proxy and configure it using virtual hosts or prefix paths:

> - domain `api.domain.com` will point the microservice `api` in your private network
> - path `domain.com/web` will point the microservice `web` in your private network
> - domain `backoffice.domain.com` will point the microservices `backoffice` in your private network, load-balancing between your multiple instances

> ![Architecture](img/architecture.png)

Let's zoom on Træfɪk and have an overview of its internal architecture:


![Architecture](img/internal.png)

- Incoming requests end on [entrypoints](#entrypoints), as the name suggests, they are the network entry points into Træfɪk (listening port, SSL, traffic redirection...).
- Traffic is then forwarded to a matching [frontend](#frontends). A frontend defines routes from [entrypoints](#entrypoints) to [backends](#backends).
Routes are created using requests fields (`Host`, `Path`, `Headers`...) and can match or not a request.
- The [frontend](#frontends) will then send the request to a [backend](#backends). A backend can be composed by one or more [servers](#servers), and by a load-balancing strategy.
- Finally, the [server](#servers) will forward the request to the corresponding microservice in the private network.

## Entrypoints

Entrypoints are the network entry points into Træfɪk.
They can be defined using:

- a port (80, 443...)
- SSL (Certificates, Keys, authentication with a client certificate signed by a trusted CA...)
- redirection to another entrypoint (redirect `HTTP` to `HTTPS`)

Here is an example of entrypoints definition:

```toml
[entryPoints]
  [entryPoints.http]
  address = ":80"
    [entryPoints.http.redirect]
    entryPoint = "https"
  [entryPoints.https]
  address = ":443"
    [entryPoints.https.tls]
      [[entryPoints.https.tls.certificates]]
      certFile = "tests/traefik.crt"
      keyFile = "tests/traefik.key"
```

- Two entrypoints are defined `http` and `https`.
- `http` listens on port `80` and `https` on port `443`.
- We enable SSL on `https` by giving a certificate and a key.
- We also redirect all the traffic from entrypoint `http` to `https`.

And here is another example with client certificate authentication:

```toml
[entryPoints]
  [entryPoints.https]
  address = ":443"
  [entryPoints.https.tls]
  clientCAFiles = ["tests/clientca1.crt", "tests/clientca2.crt"]
    [[entryPoints.https.tls.certificates]]
    certFile = "tests/traefik.crt"
    keyFile = "tests/traefik.key"
```

- We enable SSL on `https` by giving a certificate and a key.
- One or several files containing Certificate Authorities in PEM format are added.
- It is possible to have multiple CA:s in the same file or keep them in separate files.

## Frontends

A frontend is a set of rules that forwards the incoming traffic from an entrypoint to a backend.
Frontends can be defined using the following rules:

- `Headers: Content-Type, application/json`: Headers adds a matcher for request header values. It accepts a sequence of key/value pairs to be matched.
- `HeadersRegexp: Content-Type, application/(text|json)`: Regular expressions can be used with headers as well. It accepts a sequence of key/value pairs, where the value has regex support.
- `Host: traefik.io, www.traefik.io`: Match request host with given host list.
- `HostRegexp: traefik.io, {subdomain:[a-z]+}.traefik.io`: Adds a matcher for the URL hosts. It accepts templates with zero or more URL variables enclosed by `{}`. Variables can define an optional regexp pattern to be matched.
- `Method: GET, POST, PUT`: Method adds a matcher for HTTP methods. It accepts a sequence of one or more methods to be matched.
- `Path: /products/, /articles/{category}/{id:[0-9]+}`: Path adds a matcher for the URL paths. It accepts templates with zero or more URL variables enclosed by `{}`.
- `PathStrip`: Same as `Path` but strip the given prefix from the request URL's Path.
- `PathPrefix`: PathPrefix adds a matcher for the URL path prefixes. This matches if the given template is a prefix of the full URL path.
- `PathPrefixStrip`: Same as `PathPrefix` but strip the given prefix from the request URL's Path.
- `AddPrefix`: Add prefix to the request URL's Path.

You can use multiple values for a rule by separating them with `,`.
You can use multiple rules by separating them by `;`.

You can optionally enable `passHostHeader` to forward client `Host` header to the backend.

In order to use path regular expressions, you must declare an arbitrarily named variable followed by the colon-separated regular expression, all enclosed in curly braces. Any pattern supported by [Go's regexp package](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/) may be used. Example: `/posts/{id:[0-9]+}`.

(Note that the variable has no special meaning; however, it is required by gorilla/mux which embeds the regular expression and defines the syntax.)

Here is an example of frontends definition:

```toml
[frontends]
  [frontends.frontend1]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend1.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test.localhost,test2.localhost"
  [frontends.frontend2]
  backend = "backend1"
  passHostHeader = true
  priority = 10
  entrypoints = ["https"] # overrides defaultEntryPoints
    [frontends.frontend2.routes.test_1]
    rule = "HostRegexp:localhost,{subdomain:[a-z]+}.localhost"
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test3.localhost;Path:/test"
```

- Three frontends are defined: `frontend1`, `frontend2` and `frontend3`
- `frontend1` will forward the traffic to the `backend2` if the rule `Host:test.localhost,test2.localhost` is matched
- `frontend2` will forward the traffic to the `backend1` if the rule `Host:localhost,{subdomain:[a-z]+}.localhost` is matched (forwarding client `Host` header to the backend)
- `frontend3` will forward the traffic to the `backend2` if the rules `Host:test3.localhost` **AND** `Path:/test` are matched

### Combining multiple rules

As seen in the previous example, you can combine multiple rules.
In TOML file, you can use multiple routes:

```toml
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test3.localhost"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_2]
    rule = "Path:/test"
```

Here `frontend3` will forward the traffic to the `backend2` if the rules `Host:test3.localhost` **AND** `Path:/test` are matched.
You can also use the notation using a `;` separator, same result:

```toml
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test3.localhost;Path:/test"
```

Finally, you can create a rule to bind multiple domains or Path to a frontend, using the `,` separator:

```toml
 [frontends.frontend2]
    [frontends.frontend2.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Host:test1.localhost,test2.localhost"
  [frontends.frontend3]
  backend = "backend2"
    [frontends.frontend3.routes.test_1]
    rule = "Path:/test1,/test2"
```

### Priorities

By default, routes will be sorted (in descending order) using rules length (to avoid path overlap):
`PathPrefix:/12345` will be matched before `PathPrefix:/1234` that will be matched before `PathPrefix:/1`.

You can customize priority by frontend:

```
  [frontends]
    [frontends.frontend1]
    backend = "backend1"
    priority = 10
    passHostHeader = true
      [frontends.frontend1.routes.test_1]
      rule = "PathPrefix:/to"
    [frontends.frontend2]
    priority = 5
    backend = "backend2"
    passHostHeader = true
      [frontends.frontend2.routes.test_1]
      rule = "PathPrefix:/toto"
```

Here, `frontend1` will be matched before `frontend2` (`10 > 5`).

## Backends

A backend is responsible to load-balance the traffic coming from one or more frontends to a set of http servers.
Various methods of load-balancing are supported:

- `wrr`: Weighted Round Robin
- `drr`: Dynamic Round Robin: increases weights on servers that perform better than others. It also rolls back to original weights if the servers have changed.

A circuit breaker can also be applied to a backend, preventing high loads on failing servers.
Initial state is Standby. CB observes the statistics and does not modify the request.
In case the condition matches, CB enters Tripped state, where it responds with predefined code or redirects to another frontend.
Once Tripped timer expires, CB enters Recovering state and resets all stats.
In case the condition does not match and recovery timer expires, CB enters Standby state.

It can be configured using:

- Methods: `LatencyAtQuantileMS`, `NetworkErrorRatio`, `ResponseCodeRatio`
- Operators:  `AND`, `OR`, `EQ`, `NEQ`, `LT`, `LE`, `GT`, `GE`

For example:

- `NetworkErrorRatio() > 0.5`: watch error ratio over 10 second sliding window for a frontend
- `LatencyAtQuantileMS(50.0) > 50`:  watch latency at quantile in milliseconds.
- `ResponseCodeRatio(500, 600, 0, 600) > 0.5`: ratio of response codes in range [500-600) to  [0-600)

To proactively prevent backends from being overwhelmed with high load, a maximum connection limit can
also be applied to each backend.

Maximum connections can be configured by specifying an integer value for `maxconn.amount` and
`maxconn.extractorfunc` which is a strategy used to determine how to categorize requests in order to
evaluate the maximum connections.

For example:
```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.maxconn]
       amount = 10
       extractorfunc = "request.host"
```

- `backend1` will return `HTTP code 429 Too Many Requests` if there are already 10 requests in progress for the same Host header.
- Another possible value for `extractorfunc` is `client.ip` which will categorize requests based on client source ip.
- Lastly `extractorfunc` can take the value of `request.header.ANY_HEADER` which will categorize requests based on `ANY_HEADER` that you provide.

Sticky sessions are supported with both load balancers. When sticky sessions are enabled, a cookie called `_TRAEFIK_BACKEND` is set on the initial
request. On subsequent requests, the client will be directed to the backend stored in the cookie if it is still healthy. If not, a new backend
will be assigned.

For example:
```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.loadbalancer]
      sticky = true
```

A health check can be configured in order to remove a backend from LB rotation
as long as it keeps returning HTTP status codes other than 200 OK to HTTP GET
requests periodically carried out by Traefik. The check is defined by a path
appended to the backend URL and an interval (given in a format understood by [time.ParseDuration](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration)) specifying how
often the health check should be executed (the default being 30 seconds). Each
backend must respond to the health check within 5 seconds.

A recovering backend returning 200 OK responses again is being returned to the
LB rotation pool.

For example:
```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.healthcheck]
      path = "/health"
      interval = "10s"
```

## Servers

Servers are simply defined using a `URL`. You can also apply a custom `weight` to each server (this will be used by load-balancing).

Here is an example of backends and servers definition:

```toml
[backends]
  [backends.backend1]
    [backends.backend1.circuitbreaker]
      expression = "NetworkErrorRatio() > 0.5"
    [backends.backend1.servers.server1]
    url = "http://172.17.0.2:80"
    weight = 10
    [backends.backend1.servers.server2]
    url = "http://172.17.0.3:80"
    weight = 1
  [backends.backend2]
    [backends.backend2.LoadBalancer]
      method = "drr"
    [backends.backend2.servers.server1]
    url = "http://172.17.0.4:80"
    weight = 1
    [backends.backend2.servers.server2]
    url = "http://172.17.0.5:80"
    weight = 2
```

- Two backends are defined: `backend1` and `backend2`
- `backend1` will forward the traffic to two servers: `http://172.17.0.2:80"` with weight `10` and `http://172.17.0.3:80` with weight `1` using default `wrr` load-balancing strategy.
- `backend2` will forward the traffic to two servers: `http://172.17.0.4:80"` with weight `1` and `http://172.17.0.5:80` with weight `2` using `drr` load-balancing strategy.
- a circuit breaker is added on `backend1` using the expression `NetworkErrorRatio() > 0.5`: watch error ratio over 10 second sliding window

# Configuration

Træfɪk's configuration has two parts: 

- The [static Træfɪk configuration](/basics#static-trfk-configuration) which is loaded only at the beginning. 
- The [dynamic Træfɪk configuration](/basics#dynamic-trfk-configuration) which can be hot-reloaded (no need to restart the process).


## Static Træfɪk configuration

The static configuration is the global configuration which is setting up connections to configuration backends and entrypoints. 

Træfɪk can be configured using many configuration sources with the following precedence order. 
Each item takes precedence over the item below it:

- [Key-value Store](/basics/#key-value-stores)
- [Arguments](/basics/#arguments)
- [Configuration file](/basics/#configuration-file)
- Default

It means that arguments override configuration file, and Key-value Store overrides arguments.

### Configuration file

By default, Træfɪk will try to find a `traefik.toml` in the following places:

- `/etc/traefik/`
- `$HOME/.traefik/`
- `.` *the working directory*

You can override this by setting a `configFile` argument:

```bash
$ traefik --configFile=foo/bar/myconfigfile.toml
```

Please refer to the [global configuration](/toml/#global-configuration) section to get documentation on it.

### Arguments

Each argument (and command) is described in the help section:

```bash
$ traefik --help
```

Note that all default values will be displayed as well.

### Key-value stores

Træfɪk supports several Key-value stores:

- [Consul](https://consul.io)
- [etcd](https://coreos.com/etcd/)
- [ZooKeeper](https://zookeeper.apache.org/) 
- [boltdb](https://github.com/boltdb/bolt)

Please refer to the [User Guide Key-value store configuration](/user-guide/kv-config/) section to get documentation on it.

## Dynamic Træfɪk configuration

The dynamic configuration concerns : 

- [Frontends](/basics/#frontends)
- [Backends](/basics/#backends) 
- [Servers](/basics/#servers) 

Træfɪk can hot-reload those rules which could be provided by [multiple configuration backends](/toml/#configuration-backends).

We only need to enable `watch` option to make Træfɪk watch configuration backend changes and generate its configuration automatically.
Routes to services will be created and updated instantly at any changes.

Please refer to the [configuration backends](/toml/#configuration-backends) section to get documentation on it.

# Commands

Usage: `traefik [command] [--flag=flag_argument]`

List of Træfɪk available commands with description :                                                             

- `version` : Print version 
- `storeconfig` : Store the static traefik configuration into a Key-value stores. Please refer to the [Store Træfɪk configuration](/user-guide/kv-config/#store-trfk-configuration) section to get documentation on it.

Each command may have related flags. 
All those related flags will be displayed with :

```bash
$ traefik [command] --help
```

Note that each command is described at the beginning of the help section:

```bash
$ traefik --help
```
